Add Character Count documentation (#1799)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/form/textarea/partials/code/how-to-use.md

</Hds::Form::Textarea::Field>
```

#### Character count

> To support users meet content length constrains set `@minLength` and/or `@maxLength` to a `CharacterCount` contextual component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support users in meeting content length constraints, set `@minLength` and/or `@maxLength` to a `CharacterCount` contextual component.
```
